---
title: "Presentation on NeurIPS 2022 Traffic4cast workshop"
collection: talks
type: "Conference proceedings talk"
permalink: /talks/2022-talk-1
venue: "Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS) 2022 Traffic4cast Workshop"
date: 2022-12-06
# location: "Los Angeles, CA"
---

I am thrilled to share my recent experience presenting our team ywei's work at NIPS 2022. We showcased our innovative approach to spatio-temporal prediction in the Traffic4cast 2022 competition, a unique event that focuses on predicting future traffic states in large-scale road networks using sparse vehicle data from stationary detectors.

Our team developed a model based on the [LinkX framework](https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.14446), which is simple yet efficient, and it successfully secured 7th place in the core challenge. We are particularly proud of this accomplishment, as it highlights the potential of machine learning in addressing real-world traffic prediction challenges. A detailed technical report outlining our approach and findings can be found [here](https://github.com/Ye-We1/Traffic4cast2022/blob/master/paper.pdf).

During my presentation at NIPS 2022, I engaged with an audience of machine learning researchers and industry professionals. I discussed our motivation for participating in the competition, the challenges we faced during the model development process, the key insights we gained, and the broader implications of our model for real-world traffic prediction applications. The slides can be found [here](https://github.com/Ye-We1/Traffic4cast2022/blob/master/slides%20.pdf). The presentation provided an opportunity to exchange ideas with other experts in the field and gain valuable feedback on our work.

Reflecting on our experiences in the Traffic4cast 2022 competition and presenting at NIPS 2022, we found them to be truly enriching and inspiring. As a team, we look forward to refining our model, incorporating feedback from the conference, and exploring new research avenues in spatio-temporal prediction. We are eager to continue contributing to the field of machine learning and its practical applications in traffic prediction and beyond.